/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/SwissProt
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Arabidopsis_thaliana
finished pdb 2 fasta
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Caenorhabditis_elegans
finished hmmscan
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Candida_albicans
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Danio_rerio
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Dictyostelium_discoideum
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Drosophila_melanogaster
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Escherichia_coli
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Methanocaldococcus_jannaschii
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Glycine_max
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Homo_sapiens
finished pdb 2 fasta
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Mus_musculus
finished hmmscan
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Oryza_sativa
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Rattus_norvegicus
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Schizosaccharomyces_pombe
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Saccharomyces_cerevisiae
/home/roger/2023_self_regulatory_motifs/Zea_mays
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished pdb 2 fasta
finished hmmscan
finished hmmscan
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
domtbl parsed
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
domtbl parsed
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
finished AlphaFoldParser
finished All
